1. The calculation for Shannon’s entropy is accurate. Besides explaining about both Helmholtz and Gibbs free energy, Cai gives examples of both types of free energy. For the third part, Cai gives an analogy of our human brain. Overall, the post is well written, as there are explanations along side examples.
2. For question 1, the calculation was correct but seems there was a unit missing. For question 2, the blog correctly answered the questions with equations. For question 3, it has a good explanation and reference. In conclusion, well done.
3. First of all I think your analogy of human cognition using hot water and ice is very vivid, it helps me visualise how brain interacts with the environment like ice melting in a cup of hot water. Regarding the first question, Gibbs-free energy is extremely useful in Chemistry when we want to determine the spontaneity of reactions, not only because of the stable pressure you mentioned, but also due to the use of enthalpy H = U + pV in the equation of G. Just by looking at the sign of enthalpy ΔH, entropy ΔS, -TΔS and ΔG, chemists can even determine the reactions can be spontaneous at what range of temperature. For example, given {ΔH, ΔS, -TΔS, ΔG} = {-ve, +ve, -ve, -ve} of one reaction, we can tell that reaction is spontaneous at ALL temperatures. One reaction example will Ozone changes to Oxygen (2 O3 –> 3 O2). I am also impressed by the example of carbohydrates as I don’t have biology background, it’s good to know more how physics interacts with other science subjects. Thank you for this article!
4. In question 3, your explanation of using hot water is really good. It helps me understand the relationship between the free energy of thermodynamics and free energy related to human-information interaction. However, what is the use of the ice in the hot water? I think the temperature of the hot water will also decrease to room temperature without the ice due to the temperature.
5. For Question 3, I appreciate your explanation of free energy in terms of a cup of hot water and human brain. From this, I understand affecting our thoughts by the external environment is a spontaneous process. However, as the room temperature is fixed, is it only the internal would be affected by the external factors? Would the internal ones also affect the external? Like if one’s thought can affect the external environment?
6. For Q1 i think the computation is very accurate and the stop is clear. well done! For Q2 you introduced and explained two types of free energy which is nice since they have different meaning. also i like you explain the dfference between two different types of energy. it helps me understand more deeply. beucase i got really confused by them  and the exmaple thingy also helps quite a lot to explaining more clear. but sadly i am unable to provide more life examples since i am still getting confused by them i do not really understand the concept behind. For Q3 your exlpaination are very detailed (i still dont understand tho, not your fault) and the hot water example is very cool
7. I see no one single mistake in the calculation part in Question 1. It really is a concise and clear computation. For Question 2, Cai gave a detailed explanation about both Gibbs Free energy and Helmholtz Free energy and their differences. I want to give a point for giving the difference. For Question 3, I want to give a high mark on the analogy of brain and hot water. It really helped me to understand better about the relationship between Free energy and brain
8. I think the teaching room example in your Q3 explains the human learning process very well!!! But I do not know if my interpretation is as same as yours. Students: They intend to lose control => Entropy can never decrease. The adaptive change will decrease the free energy. Teacher: Try to make students ordered => decrease entropy, Increase free energy. School pressure: Outside facts precived by teachers.
9. For question 2, it is good to explain the details of what is “free energy”. in fact, I appreciate the interaction used in your content. it helps to communicate with viewers and let them to think more throughout the sentences and the information about “free energy”. especially the last sentence of every question, asking us to find more information that you have not found. (i think the answer to the question is detailed enough, so I would like to comment on the sentence itself XD) For question 3, it is surprising and appreciated that using hot water as a brain collecting information from surrounding. it is much more concrete to define what we learned from textbooks as well as the references found on the internet.
10. Q2. You explain clearly on what free energy is. Helmholtz and Gibbs free energy are two different equeation to describle the free energy in constant pressure and constant volume. You also explain the equation detaily what △A of Helmohotlz-free energy is and what △G of Gibbs-free energy is in different conditions.I like you have more explain their usage, but I think more example given will be better. Q3. Nice work! I also confused about the relationship of free energy and human congnition while doing research. Your explaintion of free-energy principle which describle human as open non-equilibrium dissipation systems helps my confusion. I apperciate you try to compare with hot water and ice water to help us figure out how free energy principle is. Good Job!
11. Question 1 showed a clear calculation. Question 2 The blog explains what is free energy in thermodynamic step-by-step. It gives the definition of thermodynamics and talks about the usage of free energy. It introduces two kinds of free energy, and explain it with equations. It also described the situation of the system when the free energy change. It also gives us life examples of free energy. It let me understand more about free energy. Question 3 It gives a good simple example for us to visualise how our brain works using hot water and ice, it vividly expresses how we interact with the external environment just like how we learn things and how we exchange information in our brain, which shows how free energy related to human cognition. I have gained a lot after reading your blog.
12. For question 2, it actually broadens my mind to use photosynthesis as an example, as when it comes to free energy in thermodynamics, we easily constraint our sight into temperature / heat change. It is good to see another example other than ice & water. For other questions, all of them are explained quite detailed and correctly. Great job!
13. I really like your explanation, I think you really did well, you did mention many important related thing. For Q1, you did correctly, but I think you missed the unit, but it just a minor thing. For Q2, I think you really explain very good, and easy understanding, you explain the thermodynamic before explain the free energy and also explain how the free energy works, and also talked about how the behavior of free energy. and also talked about both Helmholtz-free energy and Gibbs-free energy, and also mention the example in reality, I think it already allrounder, so did very well. For Q3, you also explain the energy in a easier way to let me understand, like the example of the hot water, I really like it. and also you explain it in more way, like second law of thermodynamic, and you did a lot of research before doing this blog, that why you did very well and explain very clearly, I really appreciate what you have input. And for your question, I think my opinion also same with yours, but as i know minimize the free energy in our brain also mean that we need more information, to reduce the surprisement, is it?
14. Q2 It shows clear on the difference between two free-energy.But I think the two energy is to indicate the energy change(relationship) between system and surrounding, but not kinds of the reaction.And I think most of the reaction can be applied into two energy representation. Q3 It describes vividly on the relationship between the free-energy transfers and the HII. But I doubt on how the internal energy works in HII. like world information ? to interact with human?
15. You specified two different kind of free energy (Helmholtz-free energy and Gibbs-free energy). In the point of view of work, Helmholtz is about geting useful work form a system, where Gibbs is discribing the maximum inverse work from the system. They look similar in definition, but very differnet in real life application. The examples of photosynthesis and states of water is fresh and easy to catch up, thanks for your sharing.
16. For Q2, you did a very clear explanation of differentiating two free-energy. For Q3, a great description of the relationship between free-energy and HII. Especially using the example to enhance your explanation, which made your answer strongly and clear to understand.
17. Thank for your answer. For question one, the power spectrum is correct. For question two, the definition of human cognition is clear and easily understand which explain how brain accept information and related with inner mental activity. After that you use inner mental activities as example to point out some calculation of analyze emotions by fast Fourier transform. To conclude, Fourier transform is helpful for us to analyze brainwave which can let us know some important meaning of human cognition. I think you answer is clear for us to understand how FFT applied human cognition.
18. I get quited confused in your Q3. How to perform FT to users Ai? I do not know what is your definition of Ai(t) as a time signal of a user. Besides, do you mean we should compare the spectrums to find whether the users share a same pattern(so that they share the same interest, right?). There should be some algorithms to detect the similarity of spectrums, but why we need find the maximum of power spectrum and then convert this formula to a matrix? Users’ behaviors are different, for the same event, they can behave differently. It is possible that although A and B are in same interest, A behaves positively and B behave negatively, so they are getting a different maximun in power spectrum but share the same interest.
19. A very good article overall! In q2, you have mentioned that “Although we can use FFT to observe the spectral values of brain waves to analyze emotions, in order to increase accuracy, the best way is to expand the range of data recording, such as different ages”. That is a very good point! With more data collected, we might be able to figure out different groups of people, their characteristics, their behavior, etc. This information could be very useful in terms of providing personal/tailor-made services, such as customized Ads, learning materials, etc. To further extend the topics, I think you could explain more on the use of FFT in real life example. You could elaborate more on the above example. Has anyone used FFT to analyze emotions classified by different groups of people before? From your example we know that there is a change in brainwave pattern before and after being frightened, but how could this finding be useful in real life application? Like, can any predications be done by analyzing the brainwave pattern? These are some interesting topics to cover. Overall, you did a really good job in explaining FFT. Keep it up!
20. Overall, it is a very clear and concrete explanation provided with detailed formulas and the reasons behind. Appreciate that a lot! However, when moving on to Q2 and Q3, i would say it is better to add daily life examples for easier understanding as not everyone could read complexed formulas. For example, when talking about the relationship between Fourier transformation and human recognition, polygraph is the machine that applies similar function. Also, when moving on to Q3, it will be better to add concrete examples to support your research Looking forward to seeing your next blog! Love it!
21. You did a great job imo. i think u did Q1 without any issue and the graph looks great. For Q2, your example is a great touch for me to understanding the topic. also there are some figure that break down the big walls of text and make reader feels much better  also i love the nutshell part. it provides people TLDR conclusion which is great for laziiii people like me. For Q3, It seems to be a good point of view that FFT is used to analysis the subtle relationship between people onlime. my opinion seems to be very similar to yours. but your explaination is but clear and easy to understand compared to mine. also still love the nutshell TLDR part. great for lazy guy.
22. Hi, thank you so much for introducing an awesome example of how fourier transform beinmg used in social media recently, i think the way it is used in analyze and making songs have totally explained the ways fourier transform helps us to know the “unknown” culture better, maybe in the future, it will be expand into more realms!
23. Nice work, for question 1 with full step and explain clearly, and the graphs are great totally show what needed to be shown. And Questions 2 and 3 are very detailed and the reference helps me understand more about what you are trying to say. The equations in question 3 can explain the content to me with a more detailed number and understand it from both words and number ways.
24. Your answer is good and easy to understand. For Q1, no problem at all, and all charts and power spectrums are correct. For Q2, you did a really great job. In the definition of human cognition, it is easy to understand and it can clearly explain how the brain receives information and the relationship with inner mental activity. Also, you used a fast Fourier transform to do calculations with inner mental activities as an example, which makes your explanation more clear and easy to understand.
25. your blog well explained the concept of mutual information, the examples you used made the vague concept of mutual information clear. I am thinking what if the boy refuse to comment on the girl’s blog, the process of information exchange will stop? Then mutual information become unsymmetric.
26. For question 2, I appreciate your clear explanation of how I(X;Y) indicates the uncertainty of the random variables. You mentioned every possible outcome of I(X;Y). This helps me with understanding the relationship between the mutual information and random variables. Also, you gave two examples to clarify. Starting from a dice to human cognition, which let the readers catch up easily.
27. It is actually funny talking about the changes of our mutual information when reading your blog post. XD It is quite reader-friendly to make the main points bold, which points out the indispensable concepts and explanations. You have mentioned about the reduction in conditional entropies is hardly to reach zero as we are continously absorbing new information and knowledge, which is a good point that I did not come up with and put in my blog.
28. All of your things are very clear, in Q1 all the steps are very clear, and I don’t think there any wrong in Q1, just a simple calculate, but for Q2, there are much more explanation, for your flow I think it is similar to the Prof. Chan mentioned in class, and you added more example inside there, i think which are quite clear and easy to understand, and I think most of the part are clearly understand, but for one thing I want to ask that, is that what make two people have different H(X)? and after they can communicate, is that you can fully consistent, i mean their H(X) ? maybe it just depend on time or what? and also the same things, what situation that two people have no common I(X;Y) when they are receiving the same source? is that possible? By the way, I really like your blog, it make me learn a lot and let me more easy to understand the thing in this course.
29. Very good passage. You have did a great job on the calculation and the explantion. For Q1, your calculation is accucrate and clear, I can understand it easily through your calculation. For Q2, I strongly agree with you and you share the same point with, also you have used an extra example to make your explanation more clear. Through reading your passage, I can really receive new information from you!
30. Yes, I agree the part of the question tow. I used a similar example for explaining the concept of mutual information too. I also like that you mentioned different outcome of I(X;Y) and explain the case with reaching its maximum value. It gives me better understanding in mutual information. I guess my uncertainty about human cognition also reduced. Anyway, thank you for your work!





